	     CYBEND 2200



In 2020 North-Korea send atomic bomb to
south korea that destroy entirely the country
. Big countries freak out ... Trump's send
every able man to korean coast with UK, France
and lot's of europeans countries.
The Powerfull countries like China
Japan and Russia. Keep they tongue and say
nothing. The Alliance, name given to all countries
Surrounding Korea.

In 2022 Wall where made and people where waiting
Korean President to talk. All Armed force of the
world where in the same place. The first Big 
atomic attack give to the world a real fear about
each other.

In 2024 People start to revolt against the 
oppresing situtation generated by powerfull leader
who are oppressed by the fact that North-Korea is
giving nothing to think about since 4 years.
No one goes out of the country. No call, no internet
no import. The unique-Korea was silent since 4 years !

In 2025 United-State new president Mark Spaker give
the order to go inside the wall built in 5 years by
all soldier between the unique-Korea and the rest of
the world. 500 billions dollars of weapons, vehicule
and soldier worth were sent.
When soldiers came back they find everybody inside the
wall were dead. Just like if everybody commit suicide.
And lot's, very lot's of nuclear weapons were found.

In 2030 During "Le Grand Nettoyage", as Eric Siran the 
french president call it, Everything was good. All
countries came to help: Russia, China, Europe came to
detox and bring back safety to Korea.

In 2100 Korea has been fully restored, peoples come
back live in the island. Countries stop their
politic of ultra arming. but destroy the walls was
to expensive they let them where they was.

In 2120 In New-Korea a wave of suicid it the country.
Autority thinked that was because of some religious
sect. But the thing hit again in Japan and in France.
People begin to freak out and searcher begin their job.
Scientist found that all victims were touch by a 
bacteria. This bacteria was acting to brain and make
people crazy by crisis like once a week then once a day
and after that all the time.

The January 17 2021 was the fall. All countries were 
freaking out to be infected. All the countries try to
close their border. And everything began to fall.
